These Questions are Copied from Linikedin posts :

1. Generate Random 4 digit numbers 

2. Problem: Identify the count of a letter in the sentence

3. Problem: Reversal of String (3 ways)

4. Problem: Generating 4-digit random number without using Math.random method

5. Problem: Finding number in an Array and ArrayList

6. Problem: Find out highest numbers in an Array whose adjacent right numbers are smaller

7. Problem: Find a count of each character in a given String.

(Gopi and Kamal Gave this task )
   You have an array of names where each name is in the format "YY_Name" (e.g., "06_Gowtham"). Your task is to modify the array by appending an underscore and a count to    
   each repeated name and also create a map that stores the count of each unique name. The modified array and the map should be printed.

8. Problem: Extract last 4 characters of any String.

9. Problem: Program to remove duplicates from a given array.

10. Problem: First letter of each word present in String.

11. Problem: Fibonacci Series using Arrays.

12. Problem: Program to return a new Array after removing first and last elements of an Array.

13. Problem: Minimum and Maximum element in an Array using sort method.

14. Problem: Fibonacci Series using HashMap.

15. Problem: Sorting of an Array.

16. Problem: Program to find non-repetitive characters in a string.

17. Problem: Program to find non-repetitive characters in a string using HashMap.

18. Problem: Given an array of integers, find the indices of two numbers that add up to a specific target. Assume each input has exactly one solution, and the same    
    element cannot be used twice.

19. Problem: Program to convert the first and last letter of each word in a string to uppercase.

20. Problem: Return the maximum profit by choosing a single day to buy and a different day in the future to sell.

21. Problem: Check if the input is a palindrome.

22. Problem: Java Program to Expand a String with Character Counts.

23. Problem: Java Program to Expand a String.

24. Problem: Program to Find the Longest Contiguous Alphanumeric Substring.

25. Problem: Program to Find the Largest Substring without repeated characters.


Youtube lo 

YCode1. Problem: Reverse sentence word by word in java
YCode2. Problem. Find the HCF of Two Number IBM Coding Interview Questions (Still not solved)

